The Hearken doctrines and o you people of my church saith the voice of him who dwells on high, and whose eyes are upon all men , yea very
Covenants is a collection of the the devine revalation and enspired declaratios given for the establishement of the kingdom of, isay God 
on the earth in these last days. Hearken o you people from afar, and you who are upon the ilsands of the sea, listen together. All though
Most of the sections are directed to members of 2 the, for verily the voice of the church of Lord is unto all men and there is none to escape
And there is no eye that shall not see. Neither ear that shall not hear. Neither heart that shall not be penetrated. Jesus 3 Christ of and the
Rebellious shall be pierced with much sorrow for their iniquity shall be spoken upon the house tops , and their secret acts shall be revealed.
Latter day 4 Saints, the messages, warnings , and exhortation are for the benefit of all mankind, and contains an invitation to all people 
everywhere To hear the voice of the and the voice of warnings shall be unto all people, by the mouth of my disciples, whom lord. I have chosen
In these last days Jesus 5 Christ speaking to them for their temporal well being, and their everlasting salvation. And they shall go forth and none
Most of the revalatiod In this compilation were recieved through I the Joseph. Lord had commanded them Smith 6 Jr the first prophet and president of
Behold this is mine authority of my servqnts  and preface unto the book of my commandments which I have given them to publish unto you the . the o
inhabitants of the earth church of 7 Jesus wherefore fear and tremble. Christ of I yeo people for what latter day. I the saints. Lord have dagreed 
in them shall be fulfilled. Others issues through some of his successos in the 8 presidency . And verily the book of, I say unto you that they who go
Bearing these tidings unto the inhabitants of the earth. To them is power given to seal both on earth  and in heaven . The unbelieving and rebellious doctrine and
9 Covenants is one of the standard works of the year , varily to seal them up unto the day when the wrath of church in company  with the  God shall be poured out
Measure holy 10 bible, unto the when the book of  Lord shall come and recompense unto everyman according to his  work  and measure to every man, according to the
Measure which he has measured to his fellow man Mormon and the 11 pearl of wherefore the voice of the great Lord, is unto the ends of the earth.that all that 
Will hear may hear Price 12. However the prepare you prepare you for that which is to come.  For the  doctrine and Lord is nigh Covenants is unique because it is
not a translation of af an ancient document. But it is modern origin and was given of 13 God through  and the anger of the Lord is kindled and his sword is bathed 
in heaven. And it shall fall on the inhabitants of the earth. His chosen prophet for the restoration of . 14 his holy work and the establishement of the kingdom of, 
and the arm of for the God on the earth in these days. Lord shall be revealed and the day cometh that they who will not hear the voice of the, in the revalatios one hear
The tender but firm voice of the . Lord niether the voice not his servants. Niether give heed to the words of the prophet and the apostls. Shall be cut off from among the people
Lord. 15 Jesus for they have strayed from mine  ordinances. And have broken my everlasting covenant. Christ speaking a new in the dispensation of the fullness of times. And the 
Work that is initiated herein here then the preparatory to 16 his they seek not the second. Lord to establish his righteousness. But every man walketh in his own way and after the
Image of his own God. Whose image is the likeness of the world. And whose substances is that of an idol. Which waxeth old  and shall perish in coming the fulfillment of 
And in concert with the words of all the holy prophets  since the world began Babylon even. Joseph Babylon the great which shall fall Smith. Jr was born December wherefore 23 I the 
1805 in Lord knowing the calamity which should come upon the inhabitants of the earth called upon my servant Sharon,  Joseph, windsor, Smith county jun and spake unto him from heaven 
and gave him commandments vermont. 18 look during his early life he moved with his family to present day. And also gave commandments to others . That they should proclaimed these things 
Unto the world. And all this that it might be fulfilled. Which was written by the prophets Manchester in western . 19 new the weak things of the world shall come forth break down the mighty 
And strong ones. That man shall not council his fellow man. Niether trust in the arm of flesh. York. 20 it was while he was living there in the spring of . But that every man may speak in the name of
1805 when he was fourteen years of age that he experienced his first vision, which he was visited in person  by God the God the Lord even eternal savior of the world father and 21
His. That faith also might increase in the earth son  22  Jesus that mine Everlasting covenant might be established Christ that he had been established in . 23 new that the fullness of my gospel
Might be proclaimed. By the weak and the simple  unto the ends of the world. And before kings and rulers, Testament times and which had administered the fullness of the gospel. Was no longer on the earth.
24, other divine manifestation followed in which he was taught . By many angels. It was shown to him that behold. God had a special work for him to do on earth.. and that through him theI am 
Church of God and had spoken it. These commandments are of me. And were given to my servants. In their weakness after the manner of their language .
That they might come to understanding. # ForA
